Chech-list for Log in.
Smoke:
1. Register a new user with a valid email/phone number and password
2. Enter in the login field all letters of the same register olga mikheeva or OLGA MIKHEEVA
Enter the correct data field, press the Enter on the keyboard instead of Log in
3. Check the limitation on the length of the email and password during registration
Enter email without @
Enter email without a dot
Leave the fields empty
4. Register a new user with the login Olga_Mikheeva
5. Register a new user with the login Olga_Mikheeva_
6. Register a new user with the login Olga-Mikheeva
7. Register a new user with the login Olga123Mikheeva
8. Register a new user with the login Olga@Mikheeva
9. Register a new user with the login Olga Mikheeva and the password Olga Mikheeva
10. Enter in the field a login starting/ending with spaces
11. Register a new user with the login Olga Mikh ee va
11. Register a new user with a login consisting of only spaces
12. Register a new user with a password containing spaces or consisting only of spaces
13. Register a new user with a login containing SQL injection
14. Register a new user with the login Olga Mikheeva, where O and M are entered from English.layouts
15. Leave the login and password fields blank. Click on Log in
16. Leave the login field empty. Click on Log in
17. Leave the password field blank. Click on Log in
18. Enter the correct login and incorrect password
19. Enter incorrect login, but correct password
Enter incorrect login and incorrect password
Enter the script in the password field
Enter SQL query in the login field
Enter html tags in the login field
Enter in the login field a complex sequence of special symbols - "№%;?()[]{}
Enter huge text in the login field
Enter the copied text in the login field
Enter the correct login and correct password and press the "Back" button in the browser
Enter the correct login and specify the password using letters of different case
Enter login using letters of different case. Enter correct passwordLogin in two browsers with the same valid name. Exit the first browser and enter the second and try to do what only a logged in user can do
Enter valid data in the fields, click the Log in button, turn off the Internet. Connect the Internet, go to the site. Is the account blocked if the wrong password is entered many times?
If there are numbers in the login or password, enter them from the additional panel on the keyboard
Try to insert a picture/photo in the login and password field
Paste the copied correct username and password into the login and password field

Chech-list for Forgot password.
Smoke:
Enter correct phone number
Enter correct email
Log in with the correct phone number and password. Change password. Login with a new password
Change your password and log in with the old password
Check the password change letter by email
Enter min-1 digits when changing the password
Enter email using letters of another language
Enter in the field not numbers, but text
Enter the number + 372-29-640-61-29
Enter phone number with alrhabets or cpecial characters
Enter a phone number that does not match the expected format
Enter a phone number with spaces - before / in the middle / after the numbers
Check the field for max / min number of digits
Enter decimal
Try to enter a date instead of a phone number
Enter fractional numbers with different divisions. or ,
Enter negative numbers
Leave the field empty
